https://youtu.be/pNf012o9vWs?t=4167

In this video video from an old build at the timecode I'm linking a tank gets 40% Damage Reduction from Bulwark in Cover.

So i wasn't misremembering when I did initial testing of my MBT quirk and thought I saw vehicles getting bulwark! What is going on here? I was told more recently it wasn't working and can't work!

------------------
200 rated on a 50 tonner
Our core costs 666666
3,333.33 per rating point.

166666 ice 100k
466666 cell 
666666 fusion
1000000 fission
1333333 compact
2000000 light
2666666 XL
---------------------

Check up on TAG discussion

What is this???
  "CustomParts": {
    "CustomParts": [],
    "CrewLocation": "None" <-----
  },

How much damage does Incendiary LRM do to vehicle armor? multiplier and heat conversion might not be interacting the way i intended.
    Running vehicles through hexes on fire does 3 damage to each location, but doesn't impede movement, targeting, etc.
    Vanilla BTech does impede movement and targeting.
    Even if it's working as intended, I'm pretty sure it's incomplete.
    -Saturn 2023-JAN-25

Why are all pilot quirks positive? Whoever did that basically broke all the pilot events that remove bad tags.
    Events generate negative tags on pilots. As of S3, some pilots did have bad tags. Worth double checking change history. Might be for S4.
    Also, one of my pilots had criminal quest, and lost criminal tag, but didn't have criminal listed (S4).
    -Saturn 2023-JAN-25

Escapist Ability is crap because using that +2 max Ev. requires moving 11+ hexes. Most units can't do that ever.
    Concur.  The additional sensor and vision debuff is the icing on the cake...
    -Saturn 2023-JAN-25

Should Weapon_LRM_FLARELAUNCHER_AMS be an advanced ams? I've never been sure why it was. Being normal would make it both less and more useful. The individual choppers that are the things that use it most wouldn't blow their small stack of flares on things not targeted at them.

Rotary Rifle recoil is a bit odd. In 1-2 shot modes they have no recoil. Not even the same recoil as the base weapon. I think this might have been an error when I rebalanced them quite a while ago. Should we give them base recoil?

Should we detune RAC special ammo a bit? Less special effects, more basic damage?

I've seen multiple reports of Engineer Team vehicles in Defend Base not driving to the base. And an anecdote about needing to have a unit in the destination to get them to move. It seems like we have issues when AI can't see things. (Loooooo Vizzzzz!?!)
    Potentially related to/impacted by Fog of War toggle in options.

Flamers are seldom the choice for overheat builds. Are they in a good place? Anything we should tweak?
  Ammo, Range, and Weather all prohibit Flamer builds.
    1. There are few weathers that assist and many more that counter Flamer builds
    2. Flamers have exceptionally short range.  Most Small Lasers outrange Flamers currently.
    3. SRM and LRM can apply comparable heat at significantly more advantageous ranges
    4. Danger close for Flamer effectiveness + Overheat Target = Risk of damage/shutdown from enemy overheat explosion
    5. The shots/ton of ammo is suitable (rare to consume all), but slot requirements for shots/ton/slot is brutal.  
        5a. Doubling shots/ton is suitable without additional buffs.
        5b. 1.5x shots/ton is suitable if we get an ER Flamer (range increase from 3 to 5)
        5c. 1.5x shots/ton is suitable if we get a Heavy Flamer (increase heat 1.25x for both target and attacker)
        5d. No buffs to ammo necessary if we can get a ER Heavy Flamer :D
    -Saturn 2023-JAN-25

Our effective range of pilot skill levels seem very compressed. Ronin start with enough exp to hit at least 3,3,3,3, or more with favorable progression settings. With the plethora of skill bonuses from quirks, affinities, gear and traits amplifying everything. We have 1-10. But we're only using about 3-8 before adjusted skills hit 10 or better.
    Pilot XP was designed to 10/10/10/10 around 80-90% of a Campaign duration.  Rogue War Seasons last longer than a full Campaign duration.
    Ideally:
        Increase total number of Pilot Skill points, adjust curve.
            If we can adjust the value (ie, CTH modifier for Gunnery) at different levels, we can do a LOT of tweaks.
                Fractional gains to modifiers, cool down reduction, resolve, bleed, heat resist, etc.
                Compliments to pilot quirks (ie, mechtech bonuses for salvage, recovery)
        Disassociate pilot abilities from skill tree unlocks, and purchase pilot abilities via XP.
        Purchase ability multiple times to improve, and/or increase a particular skill tree to improve ability.

    If this is possible, there are some non-Lore, but very BattleTech Universe things we can do.
    -Saturn 2023-JAN-25

What's up with weapons with a base shotswhenfired of 0? re the fix to Internal Bomb Bay vs Thunderstorm, all AMS, and LAM Hardpoints. (Tangential, why did Hark switch the Bomb Bay from missile to AC20 type?)

Why is Reflective/Glazed armor so bad? Compared to Reactive, which makes you take less damage from 2/3 of weapon types and gives you TAD/TAC Immune.
    Reflective and Glazed Armor is bad for a /long/ list of reasons. 
        1. It /doesn't/ reduce damage from 2/3rds of all weapon types.  That alone makes it awful by comparison to Reactive.
        2. A 50% damage reduction from ~1 damage type (Lasers + PPCs, Flamers, Plasmas) trades for -
            2b. Lasers suffer damage reduction in trees.  Ballistics suffers no such [comparable] reduction.
            2c. 10 slots (not insignificant)
            2d. No armor/ton increase
        3. Takes double damage from physical (melee, falling)
        4. Takes additional damage from Ballistics (need to find source, it's been years, likely Level 2 rules)
        5. Increased chance of TAC from Armor-Peircing Autocannons (and MGs?), Tandem Missiles, and Tasers (Harpoon tasers, not handheld)
        6. But the weirdest reason is the game mechanics + default mech builds.  The standard enemy builds run a lot of lasers and run hot.  
            The weapon type volume is skewed to the point the enemy cannot use their weapons without shutting down.  This reduces the 
            cumulative laser damage, which reduces the effectiveness of damage reduction.  And that further decreases the value of Reflective Armor.
    -Saturn 2023-JAN-25

Check on Assassination target lance settings. What friends can it bring. Do we still need them with Support Lances?


----------------------------------------------------------
Prices for engine types are kinda messed up. No proper zero cost default for Fuel Cell etc. Can't put flat modifier on it or ICE because some vehicle costs would go negative and it wouldn't bring down the price of larger engines that significantly. Basic problem is that it's centered on Fusion, instead of starting with ICE as zero and going up.

(Handled with change to TT cost calculation engines as part of vehicle total price.)

Are hand held mech grenades too weak? They are tiny aoe, and low damage significantly smaller than most other explosives, especially HE Bombs for LAM/VTOL of the same weight.

(Handled with minor buff to core mech grenades, QS ones untouched)

Should Streak LRM get a range bonus over normal like Streak SRM do? That's +1 hex base range. (But also +33% base range in context)

(One affirmative, no objections voiced, doing it.)

Should Quirks folder weapons and gear all be blacklisted? Some are some are not. If yes, what about wiki whitelisted?

(Blacklisted all and wikiwhitelisted most)

Does anyone mind if I swap some Generic AC/2 to variants on mechs? Some are un-used!

(Done)

If AOE can't crit at all anymore, we should take the crit malus off Swarm ammo.

(No objections after floating idea, Done.)

Can AA Factor statuseffect be put on ammo? If so, should it be up on SAM and FLAK ammo?

(Isn't practical, would need to be on the box.)

Is VTOL Jet Booster in a good place? It's worse than the canonical TT one in multiple ways. It shouldn't ever fail. But it affects maneuvering in ways we don't have mechanics for.

(I buffed it a bit)

Weapons with bonuses vs BA need another look, we can less +ACC and add some +Dmg?
Should anti-ba also apply to protomechs? Or have a few anti-proto weapons?

(Done)

Potential +Innitive and/or +Tactics stacking issue with Tacticon Quirk, Tank Communications Equipment, Drone Controller.

(I believe handled in Hark's rework)

Do we have a power creep war between +Evasion and +Evasion Ignore? Both used to be rare. And it doesn't matter who wins, evasion loses because unboosted evasion matters less.

(De-creep in progress)

^^^^^^^^^^ Answered and Finished ^^^^^^^^^^^^

Should Quirks have cbill value? a few do, most don't. Not sure if intentional.

(Intentional, review indicated)

We don't have consistent weapon size naming style. Many, perhaps most are like this: "ATM/9" But "ATM9" and "ATM 9" also exist. I would like to standardize on ATM/9.

(Turns out to be a lore issue, it's heavily inconsistent. Far back burner)

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Answered No Action ^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Should we put Ammo Resupply on some vehicles with large cargo compartments?

Do tanks in general and heavy MBT designed for big ballistics in particular get more recoil mitigation? Heck they're harder to destabilize than a running boi.

(Tank recoil resist improved, check again later.)

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Answer unclear, ask again later ^^^^^^^


-----------------------------------------------


Cargo's Note List

~9 HBSBT damage per kilogram of TNT equivalent 

Arty shell aprox damage calc theory:

1000/[shots per ton]/2/3*9, half propellent half charge, 30% of force heads toward nearby object, 9 upconversion as above.

1000/shots*1.5=AOE damage

works for Thumper. Either sniper/longtom ammo per ton or damage is wrong.

Transport helicopters are operated in assault, medium and heavy classes. 
Air assault helicopters are usually the smallest of the transport types, and designed to move an infantry squad or section and their equipment. 
Helicopters in the assault role are generally armed for self-protection both in transit and for suppression of the landing zone

"Air Assault"

Combat Vehicle Abbreviations:

ACV – Armoured combat vehicle
AEV – Armoured engineer vehicle
AFSV – armoured fire support vehicle
AFV – Armoured fighting vehicle
AGS – armored gun system (US)
AGV – assault gun vehicle
AIFV – Armoured infantry fighting vehicle
BCV – Battle command vehicle
CCV – Close combat vehicle
CCV – Command and control vehicle (US)
CFV – Cavalry fighting vehicle (US)
CVR(T) – Combat vehicle reconnaissance (tracked) (UK)
CVR(W) – Combat vehicle reconnaissance (wheeled) (UK)
ICV – Infantry Combat Vehicle
IFV – infantry fighting vehicle
LAV - Light Armored Vehicle
MARS - Multiple Artillery Rocket System
MPV – Multi-Purpose Vehicle
SPATG – self-propelled anti-tank gun
SPAW – self-propelled artillery weapon
SPG – self-propelled gun
------------

AAA - Anti Aircraft Artillery
AAT - Air Assault Transport?
AFV - Armored Fighting Vehicle - Somewhat generic fallback for things with armor and guns.
CCC - Command Control Vehicle - 
CAV - Cavalry Armored Vehicle - Speed and maneuver above else, most hovertanks, most AFVs faster than 4/6
CRV - Combat Reconnaissance Vehicle
FSV - Fire Support Vehicle - Vehicles with more firepower than armor, generally focused on standoff range.
APC - Armored Personnel Carrier - Troop transports with little offensive capability
IFV - Infantry Fighting Vehicle - IFV troop transports sufficiently armed and armored to remain in the front lines and provide support.
MBT - Main Battle Tank - A flexible combat vehicle that can fill most roles of fire, manneuver and defense.
SPG – self-propelled gun - Arty

Concepts needing a term:
Tank Destroyer - In concept an AFV designed for engaging and destroying other hard skinned AFV in direct fire, doctrine and structure agnostic.

------------

Report of 3waybattle autocompleteing with enemy still on the field, probably Additional Lances units 11/30/2020

Prototype Heatsinks add 1% critical hit taken chance malus per?
    Any other Prototype gear for that matter.

Copypasta in vehicle fluff

Trim Vehicle names.

Tune what spawns in B-Team type missions.

Spall Liner to upgrade or specialist slot item; take 1 slot in each location like stealth?

Allies not returning to follow mode!!!
    Should allies be in Blackout considering their fairly frequent issues with travel?

More Arty shells
    Missing utility: flare and smoke
    Cluster bombs with submunitions
    FAE shells

VTOL Cluster Bombs should use HasShells

Remake Scorpion's Nest with MC lance size function.

Make more Warthog VTOLs. LBX20? SBG?

Make Flare mortar rounds apply a design mask like smoke. Everything in it is more visible

Replace Exponent evasion pips algebra problem traits with statements of effect. eg. 
    "{0} Recoil Per Evasion Pip" vs "Recoil Change based on your evasion. Base Recoil multiplied by: Number of Evasion Pips to the power of {0}",
    This is mostly straightforward, Heavy Gauss is 1 recoil per pip for example. Some weirdness with select fire weapons like RAC.
    
Make sure an Explodium trait is on every damage on jam weapon

Orion X has wrong description

Do APCs need unit_lance tags?

Does Tanker defender trait do anything? what's up with guarded/entrenched and vehicles?

Work on VTOL List

Figure out and do things with Target Acquisition

Vultures are too small? Stormcrows possibly too big.

Check TAG and NARC stacking, what should stack what shouldn't and how will the player know.

Reworded objectives could make a Destroy Base or Rescue where *not* destroying the enemy units was a goal. Strongly negative cash for killing the lance. Forcing players to do the primary and extract

Shakedown by port authority event

Amputation and cyber limb events

We have a prefab for the Union dropship. it could be used in contracts as a building/turret.


More traits for TAC info?

----------------------
Fix Grave Wounds - Done? Needs test
Investigate mortar and tube arty weirdness - Done needed clustered hit
Rescale contract salvage for more early game less late game. - Done
Thunderbolt pack projectiles are HUGE. Maybe fixed. control was in Custom Units settings for reasons
Revert contract gating Harkonen says is breaking stuff - DONE
Mark 2-3 speed vehicles noconvoy. - DONE
LMG have wrong range?!? - addressed, see weapon design doc
check custom griffin - Needs FCS that applies to MRMs - DONE
Fix techies - Done
Adjust custom Jenner - DONE
Adjust custom Sun Spider - DONE
Adjust Hardshell - DONE
Put a generic sensors item on tanks. - DONE
Fix "lance_type_assault" legacy tag use. - DONE
Balance pass on CaptureEscort_GrandTheftAuto_Alt because it drops a guaranteed Assault lance, and can spawn at low skulls. - Non Issue now
Still some unessasary LRM hotloading occasionally. Weirdly might be isolated to LRM variant Scorpions. - Reported to Frosty
TT superheavy vehicles have six+ hit locations. How did we convert and is that best? especially with regard to Redbat's tool - They get the total armor and structure they would have with six+ locations, concentrated on five.
Flamers need bonus vs PA - DONE
Put No Expand on convoy lances - DONE
Rewrite all of AMS trait descriptions. - DONE
Rebalance AMS - Done by lady, I'm not touching it until we have feedback on that.
Get someone to put the custom mechs into Ablomis' flashpoint - DONE
Fix Freeman Commando, conflict with UAV slot changes - DONE
Learn how MC lances work; Build some that aren't indirect fire support - DONE, built vehicle recon and added to ally spawns.
VTOL Jet booster is just copied supercharger, isn't like TT version - Fixed mostly
Suggest randomly spawned mines on roads in non-city contracts. - Done
Figure out and do things with Attack/Defend - DONE
Update Freeman Commando - Done
LBX cluster shells are broken and don't hit the right thing. HasShells is borked? - Adjusted probably fixed
Cannons don't have FLAK mode - Given
Harjel OP, repairs fully and players abuse by just passing turns. Repairs are neatly instant in battle vs having to pay time and days out. - FIXED
Make duel lance set so littlefriends and smol vehicles aren't in duoduels - Done
Build second try event for White Whale - Deprecated due to HBS 'fixing' the bevavior it was built around.
Fix MC Duel contract's spawning too much. - Seems mitigated in recent versions.
Revision pass on Pirate weapons - Done
Disorderly Withdrawl - FIXED
Reputation effects on contract objectives. - DONE
Why does current flare ammo appear to do more than 1 aoe damage? - Resolved, it doesn't really.
Increase cash bonuses from contract secondary objectives. - SET
Techies have too much armor? Small ones anyway, same as medium. - DONE
Why the actual heck did someone nerf the already weak Incendiary LRM? Fixed
The heck is up with Tandem ammo not TACing? Solved.
Finish my Flashpoint. Done?
The Arano mission with the APCs coming to take the base might be too hard. - Ancient, gonna assume this is solved
