Tanks

Seax - 20 ton scout/support tank armed with missiles and a medium laser or TAG
5 variants. Created as a rep-me fix.
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Seax

Cobra ARV - 25 ton light tank with a Medium Rifle or AC/2. Fielded in the Periphery
2 variants.
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Cobra

Chasseur - 30 ton tank with autocannon/mg. Fielded by most factions
3 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Chasseur

Shan Shi - 30 ton light tank with PPC and SRM-6. Fielded by Liao.
1 variant
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Shan Shi

Trident - 30 ton APC with a fuel cell. Armed with Missiles and Machine Guns. Near universally fielded.
2 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Trident

Bearcat - 35 ton APC. ICE engine with a single medium laser. Fielded in the Deep Periphery
1 Variant
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Bearcat. Add more variants?

Defender -  35 ton Light AA vehicle with 2 AC/2's. Fielded in the Periphery
3 Variants 
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Defender

Cloud Buster - 45 ton AA vehicle using dual AC/5's or LL's in continuous production since fall of Star League. Versions include Periphery jank, Clan and later era models.
10 variants. Originally created as a rep-me filler.
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Cloud Buster and cull down places it can be found

Decurion - 45 ton Marian Hegemony hover tank/apc armed with rockets and medium lasers
4 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Decurion

Ferret - 45 ton hover tank armed with assorted weapons. Fielded by most periphery factions.
5 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Ferret

Zhalan - 45 ton tank armed with a SSRM-2 and a Blazer or HPPC. Fielded by Liao and Mercs
2 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Zhalan

Cestrus - 50 ton hover tank armed with Large Laser and LRM-10. Fielded by most factions
1 variant
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Cestrus

Flintlock - 50 ton hover tank armed with a mix of PPCs and ballistic weapons. Fielded by Liao and most Periphery factions.
7 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Flintlock

Kestros - 50 ton hover tank armed with LRM-15 and an ER Large Laser. Fielded by FWL
1 variant
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Kestros

Duster - 55 ton AA tank with dual AC/2 and 4 LRM-5's. Fielded by the Periphery.
2 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Duster

Zeus - 55 ton tank with LRM-20 and a Mortar. Fielded by deep periphery factions
1 variant. Made as a rep-me fix
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Zeus

Hyracodon - 60 ton tank armed with LRM's/Mortars and Lasers. Fielded by IS General factions and Mercs
2 variants.
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Hyracodon

Palisade - 60 ton tank built around AC and LRM combos. Designed for periphery use.
7 Variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Palisade and cull down places it can be found

Pitbull - 60 ton tank with a combination of a single ballistic or energy weapon and SRM-4's paired with machine guns.
7 variants. 
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Pitbull and lore/tagged factions.

VTOLs

Hawkeye - 10 ton light VTOL armed with a Light Rifle and a rocket pod. Deep Periphery factions
1 variant
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Hawkeye

Midge - 10 ton VTOL with 3 SRM-2's. Periphery special
1 variant
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Midge

Otter -  11 ton suicide VTOl found in the Periphery
1 variant

Shiv - 13 ton vtol. Armed with SRM-6 or Medium pulse Lasers. Fielded by all IS General factions
2 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Shiv

Dragonfly - 15 ton scout/strike vtol. Armed with Streak 2's or a Narc and SRM's. Fielded by most clans
2 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Dragonfly

Harris Hawk - 15 ton vtol armed with a medium laser and bomb bay. Fielded by most factions
2 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Harris Hawk

Mockingbird - 15 ton vtol armed with energy weapons and bombs. Fielded by most of the Periphery factions.
4 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Mockingbird

Mosquito - 15 ton deep periphery VTOL armed with a Large Chem Laser and Rockets.
1 variant - make more??
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Mosquito

Vespa - 15 ton gunship built around a Large Laser
5 variants. Originally created as a rep-me filler
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Vesper and cull down places it can be found

Pazuzu - 21 ton vtol armed with Medium Pulse Lasers and anti infantry weapons. Fielded by most clans
1 variant
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Pazuzu

Telltale - 21 ton scout VTOL armed with NARC and SRM's. Fielded by Marik/Liao/WoB/TC/MoC
1 variant
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Telltale 

Venator - 25 ton gunship built around either an AC/10 or an LRM of equivalent size. Periphery tank hunter concept
5 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Venator and cull down places it can be found

Carabidae - 30 ton clan VTOL armed with a single heavy weapon. Fielded by all clans
6 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Carabidae

Dauntless - 30 ton OmniVTOL. Fielded by all clans
10 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Dauntless

Vulture - 30 ton dual AC/5 gunship. 
8 Variants across eras. Created as a rep-me filler
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Vulture and cull down places it can be found

Ifrit - 40 ton vtol with a mix of configurations. Fielded by most factions.
9 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Ifrit??

Kukri - 40 ton VTOL armed with Plasma and AP Gauss. Fielded by most clans
2 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Kukri

Warden - 40 ton vtol armed with 2 ER Medium Lasers, AMS and a lot of bolt ons/wing mounts. Fielded by IS General factions
1 variant
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Warden

Firewyrm - 45 ton CLan VTOL. Armed with a combination of lasers and missiles. Fielded by most clans.
8 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Firewyrm??

Lindwyrm - 45 ton gunship armed with a mix of short/medium range missiles and lasers
9 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Lindwyrm??

Nidhogg - 45 ton gunship in a range of configurations. Fielded by everyone
16 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Nidhogg??

Skylifter - 50 ton lift VTOL. Minimally armed. Not currently in the wild.
2 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Skylifter??

Warthog - 51 ton assault vtol armed with a heavy ballistic weapon. Periphery general factions 
12 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Warthog??

Roc - 55 ton assault vtol. Mix of loadouts and fielded by everyone.
6 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Roc??

Seth - 55 ton assault weight VTOL. Mix of loadouts and fielded by everyone.
17 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Seth??

Cascatelle - 60 ton assault vtol. Mix of loadouts and fielded by everyone. 
17 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Cascatelle??

Igor - Apocryphal VTOL from MW5. - 60 tons and fielded by everyone in one form or antoher.
16 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Igor??

Skyraider - 60 ton assault vtol with Chem Lasers and a bomb bay. Fielded by most factions.
4 variants 
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Skyraider??

Telvache - 60 ton assault vtol with a Gauss Rifle, 2 SRM-4's and space for a BA squad. Fielded by most clans.
2 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Telvache??


Mechs (these use custom models created by the modellers)

Weevil - 25 ton light Scout/Sniper Mech armed with long range ballistics and scouting gear. Fielded by IS General factions and Mercs
3 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Weevil

Valkyrie LAM - 30 ton light LAM armed with an LRM and a Laser. Fielded by Davion
1 variant
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Valkyrie LAM??

Hazard - 45 ton Medium Mech armed with Flamers/Lasers/SRM's and fielded by Pirates/Circinus/Marians
4 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Hazard

Liberty - 45 ton SRM based brawler Medium Mech. Fielded by IS general and 2765 map factions/early clans.
4 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Liberty

Medusa - 50 ton Medium Mech fielded by all Clans (in the Invasion era). Missile/Energy combo aside from a UAC/20 variant
5 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Medusa

Valkyrie II - 60 ton Brawler/Sniper Mech armed with energy weapons and missiles. Or melee weapons. Fielded by Mercs/Davion/Steiner/Comstar
4 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Valkyrie II

Hecatoncheires - 65 ton Heavy scout/brawler mech. Gauss Rifle supplemented by missiles/lasers. Fielded by FWL/Mercs/Kurita/Liao (depending on versions)
7 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Hecatoncheires

Freedom - 90 ton assault Mech. Armed with LRM's and Lasers. Fielded by IS General factions, Mercs, 2765 map factions and early clans.
5 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Freedom

Sorcerer - 95 ton assault Mech mainly armed with a PPC/Laser combo
7 variants
Note - settle on choice of manufacturing worlds for Sorcerer
