Savebreak notes:

New Starts: 

"Bradfords & Bulldogs" - Gives you what it says on the tin, plus Battle Armor, and other things that begin with B.
"The Dumps" - You load sixteen tons and what do you get? Another day older and deeper in debt.
"Quicsell" - Gives you One QS1-4 Tank/ Mech (Weighted Towards A Mech), for up to 4 Mechs or Tanks, rolled for each. 
             You also get One QSK/QSC Mech (Quicksell Kustom or Quicksell Clan Mech) or the new Queenbee LAM, 
             Finally your due a random bonus Skadi, Minnow VTOL or MITE squads
             
             Best used with Sales Rep Start.
             Spawns you at one random QS Outlet store (Out of Six), These stores are at canon locations (See Rep Below)
             +20 Rep With Liao,Davion,Steiner,Marik,ClanJadeFalcon(They Captured One during the invasion)


Changed Starts:

BA Platoon - +1 BA +1 APC for a total of 4 of each.
Comguard - 3 new lists added for more variety. Now Gives an augmented lance of 4 mechs 2 vehicles.
Primitive Tanks - Tweaks to lists, 7th unit list added: random 20 ton apc.
Primitive Mechs -  Tweaks to lists, 7th unit list added: random 20 ton apc.
LAM - Now 3 Light LAM, 1 Medium LAM, 2 VTOL. Was 2 Medium LAM, 3 Light LAM, 1 VTOL
VTOL - Now 4 VTOL, 1 Medium LAM, 1 Light LAM

New Contract:

Scramble - Limited to 400 player tons and a skirmish sized enemy force. Similar to "An Urgent Matter"

Ammo:

Mortar FLAK - No longer double damage to everything. Retains it vs vtol and squads. Gains accuracy vs squads
MMS Tandem Nerfed - Damage -2 to -3, Ammo count 300 to 200, incorrectly high crit stats reduced.
LRM Mine Clear [Half] - Fixed tonnage, and name.
LRM FTL - Description corrected to include vulnerability to AMS
Tweaked Chemlaser ammo prices, small and med cheaper, large slightly more expensive.
Caseless MG/HMG ammo removed (previously only available through ShellShuffler salvage)

Weapons:
Machine guns: Dmg vs BA and Protos from 2x to 4x
MG Arrays: Dmg vs BA and Protos from 2x to 3x
Magshot/APGauss: Dmg vs BA and Protos from 1.5x to 2x
Small Pulse Lasers: Dmg vs BA and Protos from 2x to 3x
Misc uncommon mini lasers and BA weapons: DMG vs BA and Proto increased.
ER Flamer and ER Flamer (C) are now the same item as in lore.
Light MGs - +60 meters range.

Removed incorrect -5 Accuracy tooltip from: Cruise Missile 50, MARS (Both versions), Oneshot Thumper QS, Oneshot Sniper QS, Oneshot Long Tom QS
Bazooka Handeld - missile HP from 5 to 20.

IS LRM Variants:
Telos: Removed.
Longfire: Minimum range 210 to 180
LRM Delta - Modifiers from -25% ams chance 1 recoil to +1 missile health 2 recoil.

IS SRM
Holly: Removed
Irian: -25% AMS hit chance to +1 missile HP

AMS overhaul (the short version):
MG/Laser modes removed from nearly all AMS.
All AMS now have a specific limit to the number of times they can activate per round.
Adv. AMS: good generalist, but no special modes, slight nerf
Adv. AMS (P): good ammo economy, but higher fire modes lose some ammo efficiency, slight accuracy nerf
Adv. LAMS (C): no more lance coverage, single activation mode or sustain mode, best selfish protection in the game
AMS (IS): choose between multi-activation in Solo mode or lance coverage in Lance mode
AMS (C): excellent at single activation selfish defense, burst mode fires 2x the shots but uses 4x the ammo
AMS (P): new to pirates near you, quite high damage per shot, but poor accuracy and the inability to use normal ammo
AMS Flare: no change, good, cheap, low shot count selfish defense
AMS MK2: half way between AMS (IS) and Adv. AMS in a small size package, but ammo inefficient
AMS Sensors: range specialized lance coverage with a boosted range mode for massive coverage but a chance to jam
BoltOn AMS: no change, cheap and doesn't take up weapon hardpoints, but not very good
Integrated LAMS: heat efficient lance coverage LAMS, but no exceptional stats and no special modes
LAMS (IS): similar to basic AMS for modes, but trades heat efficiency for no ammo use
LAMS (C): similar to basic AMS (C), but comes with a double damage mode that looses some accuracy, quite hot
LAMS (P): extremely strong shots, but poor accuracy, extreme heat coupled with the inability to turn off...
LAMS (QS): no change, accurate but low shot count, and very hot per shot
SRM6 Counter Missile: lowered heat per shot, extreme range but uses one SRM tube per shot
Disco AMS: no alt-modes, but the base mode gained some accuracy

Items:
Protective Padding: Affects limited to install location. 10% crit resist. 10% through armor damage resist. Limit 1 per location.
Quirk QuikSell: Crits taken and panic chance malus reduced from 50% to 33%. (20 mission affinity now results in a net aprox 14% bonus to these stats.)

Misc:
Evasion is more granular. Easier to gain and a higher max, but each pip has less effect on accuracy.
Resolve is now tracked individually per unit, rather than per team. Performing well can boost an individual's resolve and vise-versa.
Abilities now take resolve to activate.
Pilot affinities now displayed as various colors.
New RTO pilots.
Anti-BA weapons now deal more damage to Battle Armor and Protomechs.
Bombs now have longer range based on evasion pips.
Some cockpits now present the possibility of gaining an injury upon ejection.
Urban map transformers no longer delete half the armor of your entire lance from half way across the map when destroyed.
Handheld weapons restrict weapons from firing in the arm the weapon is equiped in.
Training Day units can no longer be Battle Armor.
No more RISC mechs in start lists. <--- Maybe just don't tell players this :P
Tweaked tanks to be less scared of being in melee range, and VTOLs to maybe want to shoot more then zoom and not worry about their butts quite so much.
Tweaked impact VFX for non-AOE Thunderbolt Missiles for hopefully smoother more consistent explosion size.
Ifrit, Nidhogg, Seth, Warthog, moved to highest threat spawning bracket if they were not there already, more medium-high threat vtol exist now to fill gap between 30 tonners and no expense spared killers.

Mechbay:
New symbol added for Omni-hardpoints.
Specialist slots moved to the side torsos.
Handheld slots now separate from specialist slots, and moved to the appropriate arms.
Armor and structure moved to a separate "chassis" location, along with the mech's quirk.
Explicit labels added for carry weight, total heatsinks, engine heatsinks, jumpjets, and total used hardpoints.
Skirmish mechbay now allows for loading specific mechs rather than loading every mech in the game.

Quicsell News:
New Firecrackers : One shot Wingmount LAM weapons that fire 25 VERY unguided rockets that have a small AOE when they miss (a Hex or two) (-7 Accuracy Penalty)
New Minnow VTOL : 40T Nidhogg Based with one Plasma Scatter Cannon (Scatter Plas) and a light MG QS Gun.
New Stinger LAM : 4 Sets of Firecrackers, done as a joke thanks to RT General who wanted 100rockets on a LAM, so they're terrible.
New QueenBee LAM : 35T Lam built to be used in starter lists to round out VTOL/LAM starts , comes with basic chem lasers, a pack of firecrackers and a few mine bombs.
New Warhammer QS LAM : Just like the new Warhammer(55T) LAM just with the below downsides and twin LBX PPCs.
New QS Turbines/LAM Equipment : Mostly just worse than stock ones, Turbines are heavier, one more slot and increase your signature slightly.
                                Lam Engines both normal and XL variant Basically worse LAM engines that're prone to explode
                                LAM Hardwood Structure, Takes more Instability damage and heat damage when hit.
                                LAMS balanced from QS to not take too many hits before falling down and becoming very vunerable.
                                Turbines Seeded to QS outlet stores.
New QS 'Clan' Line : Mechs made to just look like clan mechs, they have less Structure, Less hardpoints, Smaller Engines and take more crits with tweaked Endo QS Armor
                    Currently Includes a TimberCat and a Stormcrow, more to follow
New QS Event : Variable event that includes multiple possible triggers and multiple versions based on how far you are into the game.

New LAMS:
Warhammer LAM 55T : Built to use the new warhammer model that got released recently, comes in 3 variants A,B and C.
Warhammer LAM 70T : Build for Jade Falcon, meaner bigger and just more.

Vehicle News:

Vehicle prices rescaled - Was previously cbill cost of core and engine type items, now uses Tabletop calculations.
ICE powered vehicles in shops are significantly cheaper, they are accessible at career start and available to players with more cash as an expendable commodity.
VTOL 30 tons and under cost reduced up to 50%
Vehicles with large fusion engines, especially XL sometimes more expensive.

VTOL Evasive mods now +1 gained, +3 to cap.
VTOL sight and sensor boosts moved to Cockpit component.
VTOL Rotor location (Turret if it was a tank) no longer has large armor and structure multipliers, it has location specific damage reduction, more closely matching TT rules.
VTOL Armored Motive System is now +25% armor in location, closer to bonus for ground vehicles.

Navi VTOL - Delay between "Hey Listen" TAG shots shortened from intolerable to annoying.
Large Laser Igor rebuilt lower tech and a lot cheaper with standard engine, two standard lasers and two chem lasers.
Galleon GAL-300 (AC/2) - Renamed GAL-202 due to new canonical -300 variant.
Nidhogg LAC/10 moved from Base to to Jihad Era due to main gun's introduction year.
Chariot LAC5 moved from Base to Jihad Era due to main gun's introduction year.
J-27 and J-37 Transport trucks now carry more resupply boxes.
Fixed a bunch of Carriers having inapplicable affinity.
Fixed Puma PAT-008 not having Heavy FF Armor.
Many minor fixes and tweaks like that to literally hundred's of vehicles i stopped tracking eventually

New RT Custom Vees:
New VTOL - Telvache, a durable and well armed Clan BA transport.
New Heavy VTOL family - Firewrym, a fast Clan strike craft themed around missiles with energy backup.
New heavy VTOL family - Lindwyrm, a budget Nidhogg, or a heavier slower Ifrit, depending on perspective.
New light VTOL family - Shiv, Light fast, an unerringly accurate with it's small but punchy loadout.
New light VTOL family - Harris Hawk - 15 ton skirmisher based around a 5 ton internal bomb bay.
New Heavy Tank family - Pitbull, Speciation event; We had too many custom Bulldog tanks but also need lots of 60 ton MBT for all factions.

New Variants:

Igor - Bomber with deep internal bays, and wing mounted laser pods.
Skyraider - Gunship with heavier lasers and a smaller bay than the original Bomber.
Cobra VTOL - The old troop transport vtol has been refit to carry bombs in it's substantial bay.
Roc VTOL - Bomber
New Seax APCs: SSRM and TAG
Kukri 2 - Minor refits and rearmed with cluster bombs to focus on tank and infantry hunting.
Mockingbird 2 and 3 - New variants of the reliable basic tech light VTOL with SRM and PPC.

Taco Carrier - Pirate vee made for SweetPappaJellyRoll as thanks for testing Cargo's new career starts.


New RISC vehicles: J. Edgar, Dragoon

New Canonical Vees:

Eurus MBT - Some Hell's Horses omni monstrosity

From Rec Guide 25:
Bulldogs: ERLL, LBX, Large Chem, Plasma
Demolisher: Supercharger, Reinforced
Pegasus X-Pulse & MRM

From Rec Guide 26:
Maxim Escort
Condors - Fusion, Clan, LAC

Rec Guide 27:
Galleon GAL-300 - MML & Pods

Rec Guide 28:

Sturmfeur: Cell, Improved HGR, Steiner, Support
Whirlwind: AAA, Scout, IFV
Skulker-C 
Warrior H7F

Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh can't even keep up the level of notes we've set lately. Hundreds of vehicles needed hand edits due to changes to weapon and armor systems.

Anything containing the following and more needed fixing. In addition while doing so many additional errors were uncovered and fixed.

Spall Liner
Ferro Lamellar
Clan Ferro
Artemis IV
Artemis V
Apollo Missiles
Heavy rockets
Heavy AOE Rockets

---------------------------------

Pruned deprecated NARC ammo, old flare mortars
Pruned unused tanker buff traits 11 and 12

ID Changes:
Alacorn VI
JES I
Daimyo HQ
Fury CX-17
Technicals (All)
Nidhogg (Base) --> Nidhogg_LAC10

Pruned techie size picker and Toads csv in starts folder, both unused.

IsArtillery -> ARTILLERYMode : BonusDescription. This is an internal fix. Not player facing at all. Changed keyword for an artillery tooltip to make it more obvious what it describes. <--- This change broke and I redid it.
