Headline Changes?

Crew compartment in all VTOL replaced with new Cockpit item. Store and Ready to update.

New Mod: 

Rarity Tied Spawner; makes some rare units that should be common spawn more often. Including Protomechs, Quads, LVL 1 Tech & Primitive Units, Pirate specials, faction exclusives and command units.

New Start: 

Farmers Rise Up. Live your dreams of taking down mechs with pickup trucks. Start with 6 Technicals and 2 Industrialmechs

Changed Starts:

"Clans" and "Hell's Horses" added 1 squad of Elementals, bringing total units to 6.
"Society" added sixth unit, small changes to other spawn pools.


Militia - Completely rebuilt, is now: 

Mech Industrial: 1, 
BA Squads: 2, 
MBT: 2, 
APC/IFV: 2, 
Support: 2.

MBT: Typically an Izula, Bulldog, etc.
APC: Typically a Badger Tracked Transport.
Support: Very large pool, including strike VTOL, Hovertanks, Fire Support, Carriers, Scouts, AA Tanks, Command, Technicals, Firetrucks and more.


Minor General Changes:

Moved all heatsinks, engines, and some ammo out of vehicle Front, to keep that area with its FCS, Sensors, Weapons etc more legible.

Updated/expanded what can accompany the target in some SH Assassination contracts.


Quirk Changes:

"Quick Off the Line" (Update) - Initiative bonus from +1 back to +2


Gear Changes:

Standard VTOL Cockpit (NEW) - Replaces Crew Compartment on VTOL. +1 Tactics, +1 Resolve, +2 Initiative. Store any Ready any VTOL you use to update.

Crew Compartment (FIX) - Removed hidden 10% crit vulnerability. It was a leftover from an obsolete balance method.

Wheeled Gearbox/Propulsion System (Fix) -  Actual Recoil mitigation corrected from 2 to 1. Stated mitigation unchanged.

Vehicle Composite (FIX) - Structure type was not halving structure points along with weight. 

Drone Controller (UPDATED) - Sight and Sensors boost reduced by 50 percentage points. Gains "This unit can participate in standard C3 Master/Slave and in C3i networks, but do not receive any bonuses from other members" and "Fog of War stays revealed around this unit."

"Munitions" (UPDATED) - An explodey item on some ammo transports. Heat and Stability damage in AOE reduced.

ER Micro Laser Array (C) (FIX) - Shots fired from 3 to 4

Anti-Missile Ammo Box Double (FIX) - Actual shot count 460 to 500. Displayed shot count 480 to 500. Double boxes should have 25% bonus capacity.

AA iATM Rack (UPDATED) - Evasion Ignore reduced 2 to 1. Accuracy vs VTOL increase from +3 to +4. Standard Damage increased 1, AOE Damage reduced 1.

Guided Bombs (ALL)(Updated) - Evasion ignore reduced from 2 to 1. Accuracy increased from +2 to +3.

Ammo LBX/20 SLUG [HALF] (NEW) - Half ton box with 3 rounds.


New Vehicles:

Devastator DVE-6L-M1 - Modernized Demolisher derivative with LAC/20, improved armor and range boosting items, fielded by Davion, WoB and Locals.

Igor (L-Gauss) - High tech upgrade VTOL with twin Light Gauss and C3 Slave. Also includes sub-variant with CASE.

J-37 Tanker - Fluid carrying version of the heavy transport truck with twin sprayers.

Light Laser Carrier - Four Chemical Large Lasers mounted with a Heavy Rocket 20 make for a mean primitive carrier.

Mobile HQ (C3M) - 3 Ton Communications Equipment and a C3 Master computer on the standard chassis.

Mobile HQ (ICE-LRM) - Succession Wars downgrade.


Vehicle Changes:

Ifrit 'Fayadan' (FIX) - Added missing Crew component.
Atropos HCV (FIX) - Added missing Crew component.
Patton (Blazer) (FIX) - Added missing Crew component.
SLDF Drones (ALL)(FIX) - Added missing Crew component. (These are unplayable Flashpoint units)

Ifrit VTOL (ALL) (Fix) - Engine core 180 to 175, Speed 8/12 to 9/14. A step was forgotten in original engine size calculation.

Karkadann/Great Rhino (Update) - 1 SSRM6 removed, armor increased and redistributed.

Izula II MBT (Update) - 0.5 tons of MG ammo removed, MG Array transferred to Turret. MG ammo upgraded to Tracer.

Xancudo MBT (Update) - MTR/2 converted to a pair of Grenade Launcher. MTR/Grenade and LRM launcher positions swapped.

Hetzer (LBX) (FIX/UPDATE) - Vehicle was very off spec. ICE swapped to STD Fusion. Ammo reduced 1 ton. Armor greatly increased. Gained C3 Slave.

Wraith (S-MRM) - 2 tons excess ammo removed, replaced with 2 Re-Medium Lasers.

Wraith (All)(Update) - Quirk: Agile to MBT. Affinity: Unassailable to Hardened Internals.

Tiny Vee changes, ammo, armor tweak etc. Store and ready.

J-37 Transport,
Kalis,
Mobile HQ (LL)
Pegasus C3,
Roc (LBX/20),
Saladin (Base model),
