Cargo's Note List

~9 HBSBT damage per kilogram of TNT equivilent 

Arty shell aprox damage calc theory:

1000/[shots per ton]/2/3*9, half propellent half charge, 30% of force heads toward nearby object, 9 upconversion as above.

1000/shots*1.5=AOE damage

works for Thumper. Either sniper/longtom ammo per ton or damage is wrong.

Transport helicopters are operated in assault, medium and heavy classes. 
Air assault helicopters are usually the smallest of the transport types, and designed to move an infantry squad or section and their equipment. 
Helicopters in the assault role are generally armed for self-protection both in transit and for suppression of the landing zone

"Air Assault"

Combat Vehicle Abbreviations:

ACV – Armoured combat vehicle
AEV – Armoured engineer vehicle
AFSV – armoured fire support vehicle
AFV – Armoured fighting vehicle
AGS – armored gun system (US)
AGV – assault gun vehicle
AIFV – Armoured infantry fighting vehicle
BCV – Battle command vehicle
CCV – Close combat vehicle
CCV – Command and control vehicle (US)
CFV – Cavalry fighting vehicle (US)
CVR(T) – Combat vehicle reconnaissance (tracked) (UK)
CVR(W) – Combat vehicle reconnaissance (wheeled) (UK)
ICV – Infantry Combat Vehicle
IFV – infantry fighting vehicle
LAV - Light Armored Vehicle
MARS - Multiple Artillery Rocket System
MPV – Multi-Purpose Vehicle
SPATG – self-propelled anti-tank gun
SPAW – self-propelled artillery weapon
SPG – self-propelled gun
------------

AAA - Anti Aircraft Artillery
AAT - Air Assault Transport?
AFV - Armored Fighting Vehicle - Somewhat generic fallback for things with armor and guns.
CCC - Command Control Vehicle - 
CAV - Cavalry Armored Vehicle - Speed and maneuver above else, most hovertanks, most AFVs faster than 4/6
CRV - Combat Reconnaissance Vehicle
FSV - Fire Support Vehicle - Vehicles with more firepower than armor, generally focused on standoff range.
APC - Armored Personnel Carrier - Troop transports with little offensive capability
IFV - Infantry Fighting Vehicle - IFV troop transports sufficiently armed and armored to remain in the front lines and provide support.
MBT - Main Battle Tank - A flexible combat vehicle that can fill most roles of fire, manneuver and defense.
SPG – self-propelled gun - Arty

Concepts needing a term:
Tank Destroyer - In concept an AFV designed for engaging and destroying other hard skinned AFV in direct fire, doctrine and structure agnostic.

------------

Report of 3waybattle autocompleteing with enemy still on the field, probably Additional Lances units 11/30/2020

Prototype Heatsinks add 1% critical hit taken chance malus per?
    Any other Prototype gear for that matter.

Copypasta in vehicle fluff

Trim Vehicle names.

Tune what spawns in B-Team type missions.

Spall Liner to upgrade or specialist slot item; take 1 slot in each location like stealth?

Allies not returning to follow mode!!!
    Should allies be in Blackout considering their fairly frequent issues with travel?

More Arty shells
    Missing utility: flare and smoke
    Cluster bombs with submunitions
    FAE shells

VTOL Cluster Bombs should use HasShells

Remake Scorpion's Nest with MC lance size function.

Make more Warthog VTOLs. LBX20? SBG?

Make Flare mortar rounds apply a design mask like smoke. Everything in it is more visible

Replace Exponent evasion pips algebra problem traits with statements of effect. eg. 
    "{0} Recoil Per Evasion Pip" vs "Recoil Change based on your evasion. Base Recoil multiplied by: Number of Evasion Pips to the power of {0}",
    This is mostly straightforward, Heavy Gauss is 1 recoil per pip for example. Some weirdness with select fire weapons like RAC.
    
Make sure an Explodium trait is on every damage on jam weapon

Orion X has wrong description

Do APCs need unit_lance tags?

Does Tanker defender trait do anything? what's up with guarded/entrenched and vehicles?

Work on VTOL List

Figure out and do things with Target Acquisition

Vultures are too small? Stormcrows possibly too big.

Check TAG and NARC stacking, what should stack what shouldn't and how will the player know.

Reworded objectives could make a Destroy Base or Rescue where *not* destroying the enemy units was a goal. Strongly negative cash for killing the lance. Forcing players to do the primary and extract

Shakedown by port authority event

Amputation and cyber limb events

We have a prefab for the Union dropship. it could be used in contracts as a building/turret.


More traits for TAC info?

----------------------
Fix Grave Wounds - Done? Needs test
Investigate mortar and tube arty weirdness - Done needed clustered hit
Rescale contract salvage for more early game less late game. - Done
Thunderbolt pack projectiles are HUGE. Maybe fixed. control was in Custom Units settings for reasons
Revert contract gating Harkonen says is breaking stuff - DONE
Mark 2-3 speed vehicles noconvoy. - DONE
LMG have wrong range?!? - addressed, see weapon design doc
check custom griffin - Needs FCS that applies to MRMs - DONE
Fix techies - Done
Adjust custom Jenner - DONE
Adjust custom Sun Spider - DONE
Adjust Hardshell - DONE
Put a generic sensors item on tanks. - DONE
Fix "lance_type_assault" legacy tag use. - DONE
Balance pass on CaptureEscort_GrandTheftAuto_Alt because it drops a guaranteed Assault lance, and can spawn at low skulls. - Non Issue now
Still some unessasary LRM hotloading occasionally. Weirdly might be isolated to LRM variant Scorpions. - Reported to Frosty
TT superheavy vehicles have six+ hit locations. How did we convert and is that best? especially with regard to Redbat's tool - They get the total armor and structure they would have with six+ locations, concentrated on five.
Flamers need bonus vs PA - DONE
Put No Expand on convoy lances - DONE
Rewrite all of AMS trait descriptions. - DONE
Rebalance AMS - Done by lady, I'm not touching it until we have feedback on that.
Get someone to put the custom mechs into Ablomis' flashpoint - DONE
Fix Freeman Commando, conflict with UAV slot changes - DONE
Learn how MC lances work; Build some that aren't indirect fire support - DONE, built vehicle recon and added to ally spawns.
VTOL Jet booster is just copied supercharger, isn't like TT version - Fixed mostly
Suggest randomly spawned mines on roads in non-city contracts. - Done
Figure out and do things with Attack/Defend - DONE
Update Freeman Commando - Done
LBX cluster shells are broken and don't hit the right thing. HasShells is borked? - Adjusted probably fixed
Cannons don't have FLAK mode - Given
Harjel OP, repairs fully and players abuse by just passing turns. Repairs are neatly instant in battle vs having to pay time and days out. - FIXED
Make duel lance set so littlefriends and smol vehicles aren't in duoduels - Done
Build second try event for White Whale - Deprecated due to HBS 'fixing' the bevavior it was built around.
Fix MC Duel contract's spawning too much. - Seems mitigated in recent versions.
Revision pass on Pirate weapons - Done
Disorderly Withdrawl - FIXED
Reputation effects on contract objectives. - DONE
Why does current flare ammo appear to do more than 1 aoe damage? - Resolved, it doesn't really.
Increase cash bonuses from contract secondary objectives. - SET
Techies have too much armor? Small ones anyway, same as medium. - DONE
Why the actual heck did someone nerf the already weak Incendiary LRM? Fixed
The heck is up with Tandem ammo not TACing? Solved.
Finish my Flashpoint. Done?
The Arano mission with the APCs coming to take the base might be too hard. - Ancient, gonna assume this is solved