If your 'Mech is considered invalid, you can hit the "Confirm" button to see what issues it has.
Switch between your equipped ammunition types by clicking on the name of your current ammunition in the 'Mech's weapon panel.
Vehicles take each point of heat damage as two points of normal damage.
Every Important Information on item is either in the Traits or Brightly Coloured.
Through Armor Criticals are defined by Weapons, a Gauss slug can punch through the thickest hides but a Laser only melts the surface.
Putting your cursor over you weapons will show you exactly why you cant hit the flanking stealthed light hiding on a forest hill.
Can't Headshot a moving target with Offensive Push? Try to find a Headshot Capable FCS
Stealth Armor cannot be Multi-Targeted
Evasion pips don't go away when you shoot at a target. 
TAB can be used to toggle between Targets.
Press V to cycle between available melee Targets.
Mouseover the Cybereye in your mech's status panel to see your sensor rolls.
The colored dots on the ground show different types of terrain.
Ctrl+click on Ammunition counter to eject Ammo before Moving.
CTRL-A toggles visibility of ECM bubbles.
Shift-Click on the skills tab of a pilot in the Barracks to reset their skills; Requires Argo Training Module Upgrade.
RTFM!
READ THE WIKI!
CHECK THE FAQ!
If your mechwarrior got a bad sensor roll; consider cooling down, using a UAV ping, or guarding this turn rather than taking bad shots.
It's hard to aim on the move! Your pilots may have trouble hitting a target while moving, especially when sprinting!
While jump jets increase the chance of evading enemy fire, they also reduce your weapon accuracy.
If you have trouble moving around and laying traps, try jump jets and enjoy a whole new dimension of freedom.
Be careful about hugging enemies, or you'll end up shooting your own units in the back.
Positioning is key. Take the high ground or dig in deep.
Upgrade the Argo! Don't scoff at morale upgrades or ignore your Mechtechs.
Choose Mechwarriors who work well as a team and complement each other's skills.
Equipment is key. A well equipped Light can kill a poorly equipped Assault.
Instability removes Evasion AND Guarded! Perfect for a follow up volley.
You can have up to three repair bays working simultaneously with Argo upgrades, and at 100% efficiency to boot!
Ammo explodes. Don't have too much of it. Also, don't run out of ammo. But you do you, chief.
Untrained Mechwarriors are more likely to panic. Punch through their armor to make them reach for the Eject button. 
Scare your enemy into bailing out! Destroying their allies, flanking, and reducing their offensive capability all lead to panic.
The danger zones in a DropShip landing area are no joke, no matter what your fellow Mechwarriors say.
Plan your lance according to the range & strategy you intend to use.
A 'Mech needs an engine core to function. 
An XL engine will save a lot of weight, but if you lose a Torso Side, you lose the 'Mech.
Bring some streaks or pulse lasers to deal with those pesky Lights!
Watch your heat. Riding the redline will slow you down or blow you sky high.
Riding the redline is dangerous... but fun.
If you ever want to progress, you may need to punch above your lance's weight! 
Choose your contracts carefully and you can get yourself some great salvage!
Hitting an already overheated enemy with flamers or heat-generating weapons gives bonus damage!
Buildings burn well. Buildings burn very well.
It's harder for your pilots to see when it's dark or foggy.
Trees are decent ablative armor, until they get set on fire.
DHS Engine upgrades require a DHS Kit, which can be installed in the cooling slot.
Repair costs of armor varies depending on type and Mechtech level. 
Primitive Armour is cheap and easy to maintain. Hardened plates, not so much.
ECM protects friendlies and degrades enemy sensors within its bubble.
Active Probes boost your sensor check, improving the information you see about enemies at longer ranges.
Stealth makes you harder to detect. It also provides a range based defense as well as extra defense the less you move!
Narcs attach to a unit, providing visibility beyond sensor range and increased accuracy! This is opposed by enemy ECM, and lasts for a short duration.
Tags increase your sensor check for tagged units, but this bonus degrades as they move from the position they were originally tagged.
IFF jammers add a penalty to enemy sensor check's against a unit, making it harder to detect.
UAV's allow you to do a quick scan of the Battlefield and Sensor Lock every Nearby Enemy.
Melee combat in Roguetech is dramatically more difficult to start with, but a specialized melee 'Mech is a nightmare.
Railguns and Gauss rifles deal tremendous damage at equally tremendous ranges. Reach out and touch someone.
Killing Rocket Launcher or RL units before they blow their load is tactically advisable.
Melee attacks against the side and rear of a target have an increased chance to hit.
Overheating 'Mechs in Roguetech do not suffer structure damage, but their ammunition bins have a small chance to explode.
Anti-Missile Systems (AMS) will intercept missiles fired at the 'Mech using them. Advanced models even intercept enemy missiles in a radius around the 'Mech.
C.A.S.E PROTECTS! C.A.S.E IS LIFE!
C.A.S.E greatly reduces damage from ammunition explosions. Like a condom or fire extinguisher, it is often better to have and not need, than need and not have.
A Gausszilla is only as dangerous as the local geography is flat. Careful positioning defeats mad courage every time.
After a forest tile has been burned, it offers no cover and negatively affects the stability of battlemechs standing on it.
90% to hit is still 10% to miss. Dice don't follow your expectations.
Friendly Fire isn't friendly. Don't put your mechs in the line of fire.
Pyrrhic victories are for idealists, you're a merc. If the repairs are going to cost more than you are getting paid you should have left already.
Talk to Sumire to arrange Aerospace Fighter cover for the Leopard.
Use Shift+Click on Armor adjustment for single point changes
Big weapons are scary, but if you can't land shots, they won't do any good! Try using many smaller weapons instead to increase your effectiveness with more inexperienced pilots.
Quantity over quality! Being able to fire multiple medium lasers with proper heat management will be worth more than that single fire large laser that might not even hit.
ER Lasers have much longer range than their standard siblings, but build up significantly more heat!
The Argo's Mechbay upgrades let you work on more than one unit at a time.
If this keeps spinning, check the FAQ!
If the loading wheel isn't spinning, it probably hasn't crashed.
RogueTech is the story of your little company surviving the harsh life of a Merc.
Basic components that come with a 'Mech like the cockpit and gyro are easy to come by and replace. Don't worry if they blow up! They'll be replaced when the 'Mech is repaired.
If it's stupid and it works, it's still stupid and you're lucky. 
If brute force isn't working, you aren't using enough of it.
The key to negotiating with mercs is convincing them that the compromise they agreed on is no compromise at all.
SPEED IS LIFE, GO SLOW? YOU DIE.
Stack the odds in your favor! Take precision or Artemis ammo, equip targeting computers, and fire TAGs to drastically increase your chance to hit!
Being a warrior means killing your enemies, but equally important is knowing which of your enemies to kill first.
Those without the resources or money for proper BattleMechs may field Agro or IndustrialMechs! Even these unassuming mechs can be dangerous in the right hands!
"Of course I'm taking it in for the recall! I don't want to get rear-ended and burst into flames." — Jason "Bunny" Berkhoff, rookie Mechwarrior
"If you're using a Heavy Gauss Rifle, you only need to hit the target once. If the target's still standing, you oughta be somewhere else anyway." - Defiance Industries
"Entrust your House bills to our blessed accounts." — Ad for ComStar Financial Affairs Branch
"For some, the paycheck is more important than who's paying. Profit before patriotism." — Well-known adage on Solaris VII
"If it moves, shoot it. If it doesn't, get behind it." — Light 'Mech Pilot's Handbook
"Up is easy. Down is sort of unsettling." — Shujin Marius Lawler, Atlas pilot
"All she needs is a little paint, a little wiring, and duct tape - lots of duct tape'." — Joseph MacDonald, AsTech Rhonda's Irregulars
"The Mercenary Review and Bonding Commission settled differences between employers and merc units in an equal and fair way — unless you knew someone on the Commission, that is." — Sr. Colonel Elliot Knight, Capellan Armed Services
"You can't always get what you want, but if you know the right people, you just might get what you need." — Tai-sa Naramasa Asano, 1st Genyosha
"Make it a priority to locate your enemy's ammo bin. Once you figure out where the ammunition is stored, the rest is easy." — Light 'Mech Pilot's Handbook, Chapter 12, Section 3 
"Armor doesn't make you invincible. Use cover at every opportunity." — Light 'Mech Pilot's Handbook, Chapter 4, Section 3 
"Single combat? You spent too much time on Solaris! Coordinate your attack or you'll die alone." — Captain Joan Silverburg, Devnon Company, Denizli
"The most lucrative clause of a mercenary contract is the allowed percentage of salvage rights." — Colonel Wolfgang Hansen, Hansen's Roughriders
"It's not so much the jumping that's risky. It's coming down in a hot LZ that can give you fits." — Leftenant Kirsten Parks, 10th Lyran Guards, Twycross
"What do you mean, "the Atlas jumped"?!" — Last words of Lieutenant Percy Jones
"The proper business of the warrior is death. His only concern must be to destroy the enemy, or else to die fighting." — Dictum Honorium Volume II, On Proper Behavior of the Warrior
"We know they're coming. They know they're coming. But they don't know that we know they're coming." — Lieutenant Peer Kröger, House Kurita
"When we bring VIPs on the field they ride in a Demolisher. That way they've got a decent chance of not coming off the field in a bodybag.” — Sergeant Delkon Meers, 20th Avalon Hussars
"Kings of the battlefield? Hah! From where I sit, 'Mechs are nothing but targets." - Pilot Carew, Clan Wolf
"I know a guy in the Yakuza who knows someone in the Confederation who can get you a field upgrade kit...for a price. - Cy Armstrong, owner of Cy's 'Mech City, Solaris VII
"Our lawyers have informed us that it's not legally decapitation unless the head comes completely off." - Spencer and Son Insurance Claims Adjustor.
"A warrior putting on his sword for battle should not boast like a warrior who has already won.” - Ahab's Proverb
“Before you seek Revenge with someone be sure and dig two graves.” - Ancient Japanese Proverb
"Sometimes reasonable men must do unreasonable things" - Marvin Hemeyer
"When you're wounded and left on Afghanistan's plains; And the women come out to cut up what remains; Jest roll to your rifle and blow out your brains; An' go to your Gawd like a soldier." - Rudyard Kipling
Failure is always a possibility! RNGesus giveth, and it taketh away.
Failure is not an option - it is mandatory. The option is whether or not to let failure be the last thing you do.
The most important mantra you can learn: 'Guns off the field.' If you can remove a target do so. Ignore salvage. Ignore target priority. Make it gone.
Get eyes on the blips as quickly as possible. You NEED to know if that 100-ton blip is Gausszilla or a Mackie.
Restoring a salvaged 'Mech is a significant undertaking. Make sure your company is economically stable before you commit to expanding your roster.
Only you can prevent friendly fire.
Never turn your back on an enemy, unless your front armor is already gone.
It's not the chassis, but the components that separate a Light 'Mech from a walking coffin.
Money is the key enabler. Without money, there is no company or a chance to rebuild and experiment on 'Mechs.
Mechjockeys have a tough life. Empathize and build them a lounge to relax and blow off steam. They will love you for it.
Manage your resources. Keeping your company in the black and your 'Mechs functioning are equally important.
Just because you rolled out to the battlefield with your new shiny heavy 'Mech, don't get too cocky. A few light 'Mechs can still kick your ass.
Always keep an eye on the weaponry the enemy has. Just because an urbie looks so small and cute, doesn't mean it can't wreck your face
Competent commanders give the humble Urbanmech the respect it deserves.
If you install an ECM, NSS or Stealth armor you might feel like a ninja dodging every shot, but remember: one good hit and you are dead meat
If you need some quick c-bills, scrap some of the 'Mech chassis parts you have. Drop them into the trash compactor and milk some money out of them. You can sell extra weaponry as well.
Always keep an eye on your expenses. If you overspend, don't be surprised if you can't afford the next electricity bill.
Sometimes a bigger or smaller core is better for your 'Mech. Don't be afraid to experiment and see what you need. If you have a fire support 'Mech, it won't need a big-ass core for melee anyway.
If you are in a tight spot you can try to wrap up the mission by completing only the main objective then escaping. If it isn't possible, sometimes withdrawing in bad faith is better than losing your lance completely.
Upgrading the training module will help your Mechwarriors get experience even if they are out of combat. Who thought playing video games can actually help you in the long run?
Negotiating from a position of strength does not mean you shouldn’t also negotiate from a position near the exits.
Sometimes rank is a function of firepower.
THE PRIME AXIOM: In any field of scientific endeavor, anything that can go wrong, will.
If the possibility exists of several things going wrong, the one that will go wrong is the one that will do the most damage.
Everything will go wrong at one time. That time is always when you least expect it.
If nothing can go wrong, something will.
Nothing is as easy as it looks.
Everything takes longer than you think.
Left to themselves, things always go from bad to worse.
Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
Given the most inappropriate time for something to go wrong, that's when it will occur.
Mother Nature is a bitch. The universe is not indifferent to intelligence, it is actively hostile to it.
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.
If in any problem you find yourself doing an immense amount of work, the answer can be obtained by simple inspection.
If it doesn't fit, use a bigger hammer.
In an instrument or device characterized by a number of plus-or-minus errors, the total error will be the sum of all the errors adding in the same direction.All warranty and guarantee clauses become invalid upon payment of the final invoice.
"The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone he can blame it on." - Jones's Law
A trained sniper not only has deadly weapons, but keen eyesight. Same applies to 'Mechs. Have a scout to see where to shoot.
Any shot not taken is a miss. Just ask if it's worth the heat.
Generous use of Thunder LRMs or other mine-laying ammunition can destroy lighter mechs before they get close by removing their legs.
If you manage to land an Arrow IV shot in the same postal code as an enemy 'Mech, you'll take off a limb or two
Vehicles designated as weapon carriers, such as LRM Carriers normally have low durability, but high firepower. Prioritize and destroy.
There are rumours that worlds emphasizing 'research' are developing advanced battlemechs. It would be a shame if a prototype fell into the wrong hands.
Infantry win firefights. Tanks win battles. Artillery win wars.
When opportunity comes knocking, don't complain about the noise.
There is no 'overkill'. Only open fire and reload.
The flesh is weak.
Iron within, iron without.
Some days you're the pigeon. Other days you're the statue. Today is more of a statue day. 
Some mistakes are too fun to make only once. 
Live each day like it's your last. Or at least today, because... Oh I don't want to spoil it. 
You will stop procrastinating. Later. 
Some humans would do anything to see if it was possible to do it. If you put a large switch in some cave somewhere, with a sign on it saying 'End-of-the-World Switch. PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH', the paint wouldn't even have time to dry.
It's not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing it.
Real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every time.
The presence of those seeking the truth is infinitely to be preferred to the presence of those who think they've found it.
We who think we are about to die will laugh at anything.
Always be wary of any helpful item that weighs less than its operating manual.
The intelligence of that creature known as a crowd is the square root of the number of people in it.
Sometimes it's better to light a flamethrower than curse the darkness.
It is always useful to face an enemy who is prepared to die for his country. This means that both you and he have exactly the same aim in mind.
The consensus seemed to be that if really large numbers of men were sent to storm the mountain, then enough might survive the rocks to take the citadel. This is essentially the basis of all military thinking.
Sometimes crazy is the best way to go
Rage is a hell of an anesthetic
Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom.
It's not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing it.
Real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every time.
War. War never changes. Well, I mean, the weapons, tactics and strategies do, but the killing, the killing doesn't. Well, I guess there's a lot more killing. So I suppose war changes a lot, well this was a waste of time ...
Monstrous size has no intrinsic merit
Overconfidence is a slow, and insidious killer...
Glittering gold, trinkets and baubles, all paid for in blood.
Into the fires of battle! Unto the anvil of war!
Be wary - triumphant pride precipitates a dizzying fall...
Success so clearly in view... or is it merely a trick of the light?
Death waits for the slightest lapse in concentration.
Carelessness will find no clemency in this place!
There is no such thing as luck; there is only adequate or inadequate preparation to cope with a statistical universe.
Do not underestimate light targets in large groups.
If I had a C-Bill for every time the mission briefing was accurate; I might have one C-Bill - Sumire
If all goes according to plan, you are almost certainly walking into an ambush.
The funny thing about routine missions, is that those are the ones where everything goes south.
Expectations are what get you killed faster than anything else. Plan for things not to go according to plan. 
Move your enemy. Do not let them move you. If you dictate the location of the fight you are halfway to victory.
To be wise is to realize that you know almost nothing, and that what you do know may be false. 
Complex does not mean competent, and the most damning fool of all is an educated fool.
Never make anything simple and efficient when a way can be found to make it complex and wonderful.
The totally convinced and the totally stupid have too much in common for the resemblance to be accidental.
"If things seem under control, you are just not going fast enough." - Mario Andretti
"Politicians are the same all over. They promise to build a bridge even where there is no river." - Nikita Khrushchev
"Half the lies our opponents tell about us are not true." - Sir Boyle Roche
"Why should we put ourselves out of our way to do anything for posterity? For what has posterity ever done for us?" - Sir Boyle Roche
"Prediction is very difficult, especially about the future." - Niels Bohr
"If you find yourself in a fair fight, your tactics suck." - John Steinbeck
The phrase 'Someone ought to do something' was not, by itself, a helpful one. People who used it never added the rider 'and that someone is me'. - Terry Pratchet
“If an injury has to be done to a man it should be so severe that his vengeance need not be feared.” ― Niccolo Machiavelli, The Prince
“All courses of action are risky, so prudence is not in avoiding danger, but calculating risk and acting decisively. Make mistakes of ambition and not mistakes of sloth. Develop the strength to do bold things, not the strength to suffer.” ― Niccolo Machiavelli 
"Let it work, For ’tis the sport to have the engineer hoist with his own petard" - Hamlet, Act 3, Scene 4
"That the impact of your army may be like a grindstone dashed against an egg—this is effected by the science of weak points and strong." - Sun Tzu
"In all fighting, the direct method may be used for joining battle, but indirect methods will be needed in order to secure victory." - Sun Tzu
"Military tactics are like unto water; for water in its natural course runs away from high places and hastens downwards. So in war, the way is to avoid what is strong and to strike at what is weak. " - Sun Tzu
"In battle, there are not more than two methods of attack: the direct and the indirect; yet these two in combination give rise to an endless series of maneuvers." - Sun Tzu
"It is a military axiom not to advance uphill against the enemy, nor to oppose him when he comes downhill." - Sun Tzu
"If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy, for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat." - Sun Tzu
"A general of great merit should be said to be a man who has met with at least one great defeat." - Asakura Soteki
"Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win." - Sun Tzu
"Valour is superior to numbers." - Vegetius
"So ends the bloody business of the day." - Homer
"Ah, yes, mere infantry - poor beggars..." - Plautus
"Generally management of the many is the same as generally management of the few, it's a matter of organization." - Sun Tzu
"You should not have a favorite weapon. To become over-familiar with one weapon is as much a fault as not knowing it sufficiently well." - Miyamoto Musashi
"They have an abundance of gold and silver, and these make war, like other things, go smoothly." - Hermocrates of Syracuse
"A little piece of gold may be highly valued, but if it gets in one's eye, the result will be darkness." - Unknown
"There's only two things in this galaxy I hate. People who are intolerant of other people's cultures and the Lyrans" - Old Marik Proverb
Superior training and superior weaponry have, when taken together, a geometric effect on overall military strength. 
Well-trained, well-equipped troops can stand up to many more times their lesser brethren than linear arithmetic would seem to indicate.
"Man has killed man from the beginning of time, and each new frontier has brought new ways and new places to die. Why should the future be different?" - Col. Corazon Santiago
"He held his arm too stiffly, and so was thrown back repeatedly, until at last I seized his forearm and snapped it back against itself. His training suffered while the arm healed, of course, but I felt this was a lesson he must learn early, and well." - Spartan Kel, "Honing the Ki"
"The first thing you have to understand about any knife fight is that you WILL get cut. Trade a cut for a kill." - Sgt Timothy Drake, Concord Army Special Operations
Our commander is a military historian, his knowledge of the Star League is not due to 'being old enough to remember it'.
Should you prefer a more direct approach to combat, try autocannons. Nothing says, "BEGONE!" louder than a roaring AC/20.
Laser shows have been occasionally known to blind the eyes, 'Mechs, vehicles, buildings, and your neighbors.
A solid punch will cause most Mechwarriors to shit a brick. 
Stop referring to the base security personnel and rookies as ‘cannon fodder’, ‘D-Class’ and/or ‘redshirts’. This is negatively affecting morale.
Rookies are not to be called ‘Tactical Ablative Armor’. Calling them ‘Taa-taas’ is also frowned upon, whether they know the meaning of the acronym or not.
House Steiner Scout Lance composition: 3 Atlas' (reconnaissance element); 1 Highlander (light fire support).
Magistracy of Canopus Battle Lance composition: there are no mechs. Just the faint sound of giggling and meowing.
Free Rasalhague Republic Air Lance composition: 4 Cattlemasters (ground combat element) and the flies that surround them (air support)
Wolf's Dragoons Battle Lance composition: 1 Flea, 1 Archer, an Annihilator and an ongoing argument about why Kell left.
In any given calculation, the fault will never be placed if more than one person is involved. In any given discovery, the credit will never be properly placed if more than one person is involved.
"If there are two or more ways to do something, and one of those ways can result in a catastrophe, then someone will do it." - Murphy's Law
"As soon as you make something idiot-proof, along comes another idiot." - Grave's Law
A common mistake that people make when trying to design something completely foolproof is to underestimate the ingenuity of complete fools.
Million-to-one chances...crop up nine times out of ten.
Professionals are predictable, it's the amateurs that are dangerous.
The only time suppressive fire works is when it is used on abandoned positions.
"They'll never expect this" means "I want to try something stupid."
The size of the combat bonus is inversely proportional to the likelihood of surviving to collect it.
Don’t try to save money by conserving ammunition.
Don't expect the enemy to cooperate in the creation of your dream engagement.
If it ain't broke, it hasn't been issued to the infantry.
Every client is one missed payment away from becoming a target and every target is one bribe away from becoming a client.
If it only works in exactly the way the manufacturer intended, it is defective.
Let them see you sharpen the sword before you fall on it.
The army you've got is never the army you want.
The intel you've got is never the intel you want. 
The best way to win a one-on-one fight is to be the third to arrive. 
It's only too many troops if you can't pay them.
It's only too many weapons if they're pointing in the wrong direction.
Infantry exists to paint targets for people with real guns.
Artillery exists to launch large chunks of budget at an enemy it cannot actually see.
The pen is mightiest when it writes orders for more swords.
Two wrongs is probably not going to be enough.
Any weapon's rate of fire is inversely proportional to the number of available targets.
Don't bring big grenades into small rooms.
Anything labeled "This end toward enemy" is dangerous at both ends.
The brass knows how to do it by knowing who can do it.
An ounce of sniper is worth a pound of suppressing fire.
Necessity is the mother of deception.
Incoming fire has the right of way.
If the enemy is within range, so are you.
The only thing more accurate than incoming enemy fire is incoming friendly fire.
Whenever you lose contact with the enemy, look behind you.
If you find yourself in front of your lance, they know something you don’t.
To every rule there is an exception—and an idiot ready to demonstrate it.
Maxim 16: Your name is in the mouth of others: be sure it has teeth.
The longer everything goes according to plan, the bigger the impending disaster.
If the officers are leading from in front, watch out for an attack from the rear.
The world is richer when you turn enemies into friends, but that's not the same as you being richer.
If you're not willing to shell your own position, you're not willing to win
Give a man a fish, feed him for a day. Take his fish away and tell him he's lucky just to be alive, and he'll figure out how to catch another one for you to take tomorrow.
Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life.
If you can see the whites of their eyes, somebody's done something wrong.
The company mess and friendly fire should be easier to tell apart.
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a big gun.
If the damage you do is covered by a manufacturers warranty, you didn't do enough damage.
"Fire and Forget" is fine, provided you never actually forget.
Don't be afraid to be the first to resort to violence.
If the price of collateral damage is high enough, you might be able to get paid for bringing ammunition home with you.
The enemy of my enemy is my enemy's enemy. No more. No less.
A little trust goes a long way. The less you use, the further you'll go.
Anything is amphibious if you can get it back out of the water.
If you're leaving tracks, you're being followed.
If you’re leaving scorch-marks, you need a bigger gun.
That which does not kill you has made a tactical error.
When the going gets tough, the tough call for close air support.
Just because it's easy for you doesn't mean it can't be hard on your clients.
Pillage, then burn.
A Sergeant in motion outranks a Lieutenant who doesn't know what's going on.
An ordnance technician at a dead run outranks everybody.
Close air support covereth a multitude of sins.
Close air support and friendly fire should be easier to tell apart.
If violence wasn’t your last resort, you failed to resort to enough of it.
If the food is good enough, the grunts will stop complaining about the incoming fire.
Mockery and derision have their place. Usually, it's on the far side of the airlock.
Sometimes the only way out is through...the hull.
Everything is air-droppable at least once.
A soft answer turneth away wrath. Once wrath is looking the other way, shoot it in the head.
Do unto others.
"Mad Science" means never stopping to ask "what's the worst thing that could happen?
There is a light at the end of the tunnel, and it's a flamethrower.
It's all fun and games on patrol, until the trees start speaking Clan. 
I once was a mercenary like you, but then I took a Thunderbolt to the lower leg actuator...
I love the sound of RAC in the morning.
To be sure of hitting your target, shoot first, then call whatever you hit your target.
When all else fails, follow the instructions.
In Lyran Commonwealth, Atlas scouts you!
Go ahead. Go right ahead. Don’t let me discourage you. Any objections from me would simply confirm your preconceptions.
I wonder if I left the oven on?
I wonder if Yang remembered to reload my mech?
I wonder if Yang remembered to repair my mech?
A disarmed Urby still can be a bullet with jumpjets.
Of course I'm crazy, but that doesn't mean I'm wrong.
Did you see THAT? DID YOU SEE IT!?
War. War never changes. The way of humanity will never change and war brings another bloody chapter in our history. At least there's profit to be made.
Darius has no idea what he's talking about half the time.
Always listen to Darius, he’s the man with the plan.
Information is ammunition. Unless you got your information from Darius, in which case information is shite.
INSPIRING GUITAR SOLO
Are you gonna eat that?
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat.
War sucks, but it pays well.
Do you ever feel like you lack critical information?
What on God's Green Flat Earth is going on here?
Help! I’ve been kidnapped and forced to write loading screen tips.
Help! I’ve been kidnapped and forced to make trashcans for your amusement.
Never diss a Trashcan, you never know what people left in there.
It is bad form to shout, "Stop exploding, you cowards!" at the foe, but who are we to tell you how to have fun?
"HURHUR AC GOES BRRRT" -Pvt. Morphyum
Reloading your save because you lost a mech? Pansy.
A handsome young cyborg named Ace; wooed women at every base; but once ladies glanced at his special enhancement; they vanished with nary a trace. - Barracks Graffiti, Sparta Command