Roguetech impelemntation of dynamic shops by Raza5

Faction shops:
These should relect the nature of the faction e.g. primititve factions will sell subpar level II tech/basic fusion vehicles with a bias towards ICE/FuelCell etc. 

IS factions: 1 vehicle list and 1 mech list with advanced (Level II) designs in. Either post Helm Core or Star League designs. 1 list of level II ammo (tweaked by faction) and 1 list of level II weapons. List of basic level II mech upgrades too/
Periphery: Same as above, but pulled from respective MUL lists (Might remove the Level II  tech list)
Deep Periphery: Intro tech weapons, basic ammo, limited mech list and a vehicle list biased towards ICE
Clans: Common Omnimechs and Omni vehicles/basic tanks. Experimental weapons and ammo (3058-61 tech like LMG's, ATM's, chem lasers, etc)


Normal Shops:
Base composition:
Generic list: contains heatsinks/JJ's
Engine Cores: selection of cores
Basic ammo: intro tech ammo
Inteo tech weapons: introtech

This should result in basuc/but essential stuff being common plus tag lists added in and then bonsues from rep lists

Deep Periphery Shops:
Basic, but functional
Contian a mixture of limited intro tech and age of war weapons

Planet Tags:
These should be themed around each list (e.g. Star Leaguye has random star league gear)
Each list adds in 4-8 items to the main store pool (numbers can be tweaked as appropiate)

Star League Caches (brian tag in ISM): Royal vehicles and mechs
Star League: star league era tech (could include non royal vehicles?)
Manufacturing: Common vehicles, mostly level I fusion or ICE designs
Mining: Paramilitary fodder, cheap surplus tnks like vedette and Scorpion. No tier II designs, but can be purchased in bulk (currently 2 quanitty instead of 1) with a bias towards ICE designs
Electronics: FCS/NARC/NARC ammo/ ecm and sensor uprades. Could possibly include specialist level II recon or ecm units??
Chemical: ICE/Fuel Cell engines, incendiary weapons, fluid guns, etc
Battlefield: Specialist ammo (tier II weapons like artillery) and uncommon ammo

Submod addons:
Piratetech: This willl hook into the pre existing pirate tag (replace the old override list with a renamed deep periphery list (age of war weapons) to avoid shop oddities??) and add 5 pirate tech items to the selected stores (coudl also add pirate vehicles??) 

Vehicle spawn rates in shops:
ICE units are one tier more likely to spawn than Fusion. Level II units are one tier less likley to spawn (e.g. Crap Hover with fusion is a 5, it's ICE variant is 6 and the level II version is 4)
Hovers are one less likely to spawn than cheaper wheeled or tracked tanks
VTOL's are half as likely to spawn (?)
Scale slides down from 10 with light/mediums (start these at 8) being the most common, then heavies and lastly assault weight units 
(Note fuel cells are counted as fusion vehicles and an ice engine with level II tech is counted as a normal fusion tank)

ICE Tank Light/Medium = 9
Fusion Tank/ICE Hover = 8
Fusion Light/Medium Hover/Level II Tracked Light/Medium/Light ICE VTOL= 7
Fusion Hover/ICE Heavy/Light Fusion VTOL = 6
Fusion Heavy/Medium ICE VTOL= 5
Level II Heavy/ICE Assualt/Fusion Medium VTOL = 4
Fusion Assualt = 3
Level II Assualt Tank = 2


Phases of shops:
1: Overhaul tag shops and do the deep periphery
2: Periphery
3: Clans
4: Inner Sphere
5: Individual tweaks and balance passes


