The way Land Air Mechs carry and use Bombs has changed.
Previously the bombs were in ammo boxes tha used Carry Weight instead of Tonnage, and dropped from a weapon that occupied a Specialist Slot.
VTOL had their own system of bombs based on tabletop rules that was unique to them.

All previous LAM and VTOL specific weapons have been replaced with new versions that can be used by both. 
Players can salvage bombs, missiles, and gun pods from a downed VTOL and put them on their LAMs!

Key Point: There are two main categories of Aircraft Weapons: WingMount and Bay

Wing Mounted: Each weapon is self contained, like a RL, bolt-on, or Handheld. 
They use up the mech's Carry Weight but do not require Tonnage.
They use special torso hardpoints, designated with a clawed wing icon, that only LAM have.  
Wing Mounted mounted weapons cause aerodynamic drag which slows the LAM or VTOL.
They also slightly increase the unit's sensor profile.
This penalty can be removed by Ejecting the weapon. (The penalty remains even if the weapon is empty. You must eject it.)

Bomb Bay: LAM have two hardpoints for Bays. Bays weigh 0 tons but require slots. 
The full capability bay takes 2 slots, variant bays trade capability for smaller size.
Like conventional weapons Bays Ammunition boxes, generally 1-2 shots per ton. which isn't much, but again the weapon weighs zero.
Because everything is internal, Bomb Bays and their munitions cause no drag or increased sensor signature.

You can use both on the same unit for maximum alpha. Wing Mounted gear is the easier option to augment a traditional mech build. Internal bays offers greater maximum capacities for dedicated bombers with no loss in maneuverability.

LAM lost 360 firing arc while flying like other fliers before them. This has a specific additional reason:
Bomb Tossing: Bombs now have max range influenced by Evasivepipsmod.

(Mechanical Note: Cockatrice is immune to bomb drag, marked by unique flight system. Mechanically works by it NOT having "apply_bomb_drag_tag" in the mechdef)

New Weapons:

Internal Weapons Bay - LAM Weapon suite for dropping bombs and missiles from the bay. 2 slots
Missile Bay - LAM Weapon for dropping missiles from the bay. 1 slot
Bomb Bay - LAM Weapon for dropping bombs from the bay. 1 slot
WingMount Vulcan Gunpod - LAM weapon Replaces vulcan ammo type from old LAM system
WingMount MedPulse Laser - LAM weapon A pulse weapon with accuracy bonuses similar to the Vulcan.
WingMount Med Chem Laser - LAM weapon
WingMount Large Chem Laser  - LAM weapon
Phoenix Missile x3 [WM] - The prexisting LAM weapon in a new Wing Mount format.

(Note to Redbat: Weapon_Wingmount_Gemini does not actually exist.)

Not listed exhaustively every different size of bomb rack etc.

LAM/VTOL weapon updates:

AA iATM Rack - +1 Evasion ignored.
Guided Bomb - AOE dmg 25 to 15. AOE Radius 50 to 60
MOAB - AOE dmg 500 to 400 relative matching nerf to daisy cutter from a while ago
Light AA - Range greatly increased.
Cluster Bomb - Gains +1 accuracy and bonus dmg vs squads

AGM and ATGM LAM and VTOL items from different authors merged. Now only half a ton each, parity with Light AA Missile for ground targets.

Bomb Rack are now available in sizes 1 to 5 for all standard types.
Bomb Racks can now all only drop 1 bomb per attack.

Phoenix missiles: No longer Streak, lower damage, longer range. More shots per ton/rack than specialized AGM or AA missiles.

Note "Rocket" types did not get internal [Bay] ammo. Only guided missiles did.

-----------------
LAM Battle Armor Carry 

To mount any Battle Armor pod you must first equip the "LAM BA Refit" Specialist Slot item.

Wing Mounted BA pods are available in 1 to 3 BA capacity. They occupy 1 slot. They cause drag and are not droppable.

There's a new internal mount pod with 1 capacity, it weighs 4 tons and occupies 2 slots.

-------------
LAM Item Deprecation Progress In Shops & Misc Files

LAM_WingMount <-- Replaced
LAM_WingMounted_NARC <-- Replaced
LAM_WingMounted_TAG <-- Replaced
LAM_WeaponsBay <---- Removed

LAM ammo boxes (All) - Replaced in csv files with Bay files
-------------

-------------
LAM Item Deprecation Progress On Units

LAM_WingMount <-- Replaced
LAM_WingMounted_NARC <-- Replaced
LAM_WingMounted_TAG <-- Replaced
LAM_WeaponsBay <-- Replaced

-------------

Ideas:

No probably bad idea after thought ---- LAM shouldn't use normal Bolt-ons? They have this whole category of bolt-on-like weapons special to them with some overlap. But some bolt-on are utility they should have like Flare AMS. hmm

If possible we should ask for a way to block/disable Bombs in ground mode.

No totally unessasary ----LAM Turbines could increase Carry Weight (deprecate LAM_WeaponsBay item). It's literally more thrust.

Goood idea done with changes --- Bomb Chute item, Antipersonnel or Missile hardpoint, internal bomb ammo type, one shot. Much more limited, or additional drops of basic bombs.

No. ----- Wing Hardpoint Item: Increases ShotsWhenFired for WingMounted Bombs by 1. 