Lesser known than the mysterious "Bounty Hunter", but perhaps even more feared is the enigmatic Jamie Rayson. Next to nothing about this elusive figure including if he even exists. 

What few details are consistent place him as originating from the deep periphery from somewhere past the Vela Sheet, but references to him go back at least the early second succession war and a few more cryptic ones as far back as the beginning of the reunification wars, leading to questions of whether he is real or if a series of mechwarriors have assumed the identity over the decades.

Either way, many acts have been attributed to this shadowy figure, most of them acts of mass destruction, war crimes or battlefields with no survivors where no enemy forces were known to be active. Needless to say this has made Jamie a boogeyman amongst the armed forces of the Inner Sphere. Said to be behind some of the Second Succession War's most barbaric incidents, it would appear that Jamie relishes in the chaos and destruction he leaves in his wake.

The rare survivors who encounter him on the battlefield are generally left broken and those who do speak of the experience tell of a heavy mech of unknown make, adorned in all black with no unit markings present. Usually only spotted moments before the mechwarrior finds themselves facing the brunt of his assault, their sensors and targeting computers seemingly fail or go blank just before weapons of fire begin to scorch their mechs until they shutdown, suffer catastrophic engine failure or ammunition explosions. Then just as quickly as it began, the mech vanishes before their eyes, the air shimmering momentarily where the mech once was.

Oddly there seems to be a pattern to reported sightings of Jamie, once spotted once many more sightings occur over the next few years and seemingly herald in periods of greater strife within the sphere. Then as the fires of war cool, the sightings stop and none occur for at least the next decade.

Some of the strangest rumors and legends interweave sightings of the equally elusive "Mr. Bubbles" and paint grand conspiracies such as attempts to burn worlds largely untouched by the devastation of the succession wars such as New Avalon.